it's time to meet your buyers hi Alan
I'll catch haircuts for mini red corner
for Easter tracer temper Carl Lucas and
fighting Alice Bartlett blue corner from
bill per family please make welcome
every stop dais
referee Dante is third man in the cage
for this 165-pound MMA fight when the
black trunks out of built for battle
coming to us from Wyoming we have Craig
cordero his opponent across the cage
fighting for Easton training center is
lucas d ass mr. das of course wearing
the white trunks and he takes a couple
of hard leg kicks from cordero to get
our evening started and immediately
looking for the takedown and scoring
well with it is Cordero excuse me Diaz
Cordero's on the bottom and coming out
east and working from the top position
you know d ass is going to have a strong
strong submission game and there he goes
with it trying to lock up the hidden arm
choke he's in a good place for that run
yeah that this looks like it's tough and
tight and if he can step over to the
left here and put that right knee in the
side he can finish this off good
strength being shown by Cordero trying
to get over on a hip but continuing with
the squeezes d ass former Ultimate
Fighter Elliot marshal in the corner of
d ass shouting out instructions now
turning it into back control nice job
with the transition by the east and
fight oh and that's underneath the jihad
is going to be a submission right there
that's tight nice work as we say that TS
we're going to peel the arms off cordell
cordell scuze me cordero showing some
game here no quit in this kid at all
from Wyoming built for battle is right
and going topside now form out for the
ass he actually seems to have that side
choke available to him on a couple of
different occasions here he does I'm
going to change app from full mount to
three-quarter mountain doesn't have his
left foot all the way through its wide
open for him to pass all the way if you
want and just as we reference that
Elliott Marshall shouts out that's what
he wants them to do Craig Cordero
showing some real toughness in here
coming into Lucas ds's hometown and now
he's looking at it Diaz looking at an
armbar and that's all right is tight Oh
take your horse look at it and there's
just no put in the Wyoming fighter this
kid is a gamer Craig Cordero continues
to battle trying to get his hips turn
referees warning he's going to stop and
that's it technical submission
gratulations to our East and training
center fighter mr. Lucas TAS goes home
with the victory unbelievable wow that
arm looked like it was bending in
different directions almost Miesha Tate
like but uh very very tough performance
by Craig Cordero out of Wyoming
excellent job of hanging in there excuse
me Lucas dia is doing a beautiful job of
transitioning from one move to the next
putting on excuse me putting on those
BJJ skills on on display very very nice
job and a nice show of class by Craig
Cordero here I tell you as a Colorado
fight fan I would love to see Craig
cordero come back here and fight skate
stuff very very tough no quit in him and
good to see those Wyoming boys come with
that kind of game we're going to go
ahead and kick it up to butch for the
official announcement
comes down to this by declaring a winner
by TKO
I they shot I can't improve this
allergist if you do that by how
important was it for you know that right
now that may be trying to get sufficient
I suppose
these are the same
we wish you the best of luck is
congratulations on everybody